For this exercise, you want to make sure your software is up-to-date.
You start with your software inventory to determine if there are
any of your devices or applications need updates or patches.
In previous lessons, we talked about having a hardware and software inventory.
It's the first steps in security because it's needed in the patch management process.
You're not going to fix something you don't own.
For example, I use a Windows PC,
so I don't care about Mac patches.
Next, compare your inventory with the patches available from the manufacturer.
The intent, is for you to ensure all of the applications
you use are updated to the latest version.
So why aren't all of your applications up-to-date?
Well here are some reasons I came up with.
Well first of all, it's an application you don't use very often,
so you don't even think about keeping it up-to-date.
How many apps do you have on your cell phone you
don't use and therefore you may not keep them up-to-date.
Another idea is that maybe you don't realize it needs to be updated.
For example, smartphone apps are updated
through a separate function and not as part of the app.
So you need to be aware of when they need to be updated and often we just skip it.
You don't know or understand the impact of the update is another reason,
you don't realize it could be really important.
You weren't notified if it's important from the manufacturer.
So we tend to forget about things we don't think about very often.
You could also be fearful that, hey,
if I apply this patch,
it's going to stop me from being able to do what I need to do and work.
So I'm going to wait to apply that patch.
Then again when we wait,
we tend to forget.
Last reason why we may not patch is,
you want to make sure the application is fully tested
and vetted by others before you install it,
following a standard patch management process to make sure
there are no surprises when you're installing these updates.